Documentation update 042021 (#38)
solidusio/edgeguides: getting-started/optional_installation_settings.md

# Optional Installation Settings
## Testing Support Setup

> Some of our tests we present in the guide examples utilize non-standard requirements that can be appended to your local rails helper. These additions will help provide an error free learning experience! Let's start with our gemfile to make sure we have required dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the tests we present in the guide examples utilize non-standard requirements that can be appended to your local rails helper. These additions will help provide an error-free learning experience! Let's start with our Gemfile to make sure we have the required dependencies:
```

Author: fixed

{% code title="Gemfile" %}
```ruby
group :development, :test do
  # Preferred testing suite which we use in our Solidus guides
  gem 'rspec-rails'
  # Setup 'factories' or prebuilt objects to expedite testing
  gem 'factory_bot_rails' '~> 4.8'
  # Call 'byebug' anywhere in the code to stop execution and get a debugger console
  gem 'byebug', platforms: [:mri, :mingw, :x64_mingw]
end

#...

group :test do
# Adds support for Capybara system testing and selenium driver
  gem 'capybara', '>= 3.26'
  # Easy installation and use of web drivers to run system tests with browsers
  gem 'webdrivers'
  # Scrubs database clean between tests
  gem 'database_cleaner-active_record'
```
{% endcode %}

> Let's go over installation of these gems and why we are suggesting them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's go over the installation of these gems and why we are suggesting them!
```

### RSpec

> RSpec is highly versatile testing framework that we utilize for Solidus and in our guide examples. To install it for your local project, simply Update your bundle and `Gemfile.lock` then install RSpec base files with the following commands in your shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RSpec is a highly versatile testing framework that we utilize for Solidus and in our guide examples. To install it for your local project, simply update your bundle and install RSpec base files with the following commands in your shell:
```

I think it's weird to talk about updating `Gemfile.lock` as it seems to suggest to do it manually. Do you agree?

```bash

> bundle install

Reviewer: Shouldn't we first add `rspec` to the `Gemfile`?

Author: At the beginning of the guide, I list the Gemfile with all the gems that we will be using. Does that feel too out of place?

Reviewer: Sorry, it's ok. It's just that reviewing chunk by chunk makes it difficult to keep the context, but looking at the file, it's clear.

rails g rspec:install
```
{% hint style="info" %}
You may have to navigate to your `spec_helper.rb` located in the `spec` directory of your applications root folder and make sure that you have the following at the top of the file:
  {% code title="spec/spec\_helper.rb" %}
  ```ruby
  ENV["RAILS_ENV"] ||= 'test'

>   require File.expand_path("../../config/environment", __FILE__)

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be `require_relative`?

Author: This is the way it is created when running rails g rspec:install - I removed this note, however, after going back and cleaning everything up. the failure was with my _spec.rb's not containing require 'rails_helper'

  require 'rspec/rails'
  #...
  ```
  {% endcode %}
{% endhint %}

For more information on RSpec and associated methods, please see the [official documentation](https://relishapp.com/rspec/rspec-rails/docs).

### Solidus Factories and authentication helpers

> Whether you are following along this learning guide and coding along with the examples, or developing on top of the Solidus platform, you might find yourself interested in utilizing some of the pre-built factories or authentication helpers. In order use the pre-built factories, we will have to edit a few files starting with your Gemfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you are following along this learning guide and coding along with the examples or developing on top of the Solidus platform, you might find yourself interested in utilizing some of the pre-built factories or authentication helpers. In order use the pre-built factories, we will have to edit a few files starting with your Gemfile:
```

        # same name exists.
        extension_paths = []
        # Optional:
        # [ alt_1, alt_2, alt_3].map { |path| path.chomp(".rb") }

        # Where:
        # alt_1: MySolidusExtension::Engine.root.join("lib/solidus_content/factories.rb),
        # alt_2: MySolidusExtension::Engine.root.join("lib/solidus_content/factories/product.rb"),
        # alt_3: MySolidusExtension::Engine.root.join("lib/solidus_content/factories/product_factory.rb"),
        # etc.

        # The application factories, according to the place in which they're stored.
        app_paths = [
          Rails.root.join('lib', 'factories'),
          Rails.root.join('spec', 'factories'),
        ]

        FactoryBot.definition_file_paths = solidus_paths + extension_paths + app_paths
      end
    end
  end
end
```
{% endcode %}

Finally, modify the configuration to reference the customized methods which will give you the ability to create/build factories and stub authentication:

{% code title="spec/spec\_helper.rb" %}
```ruby
require 'spree/testing_support/authorization_helpers'

RSpec.configure do |config|
  #...
  config.include FactoryBot::Syntax::Methods
end
```
{% endcode %}

### Byebug

> [Byebug](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug) is debugging tool which will help you investigate and understand code while it executes. There is no other installation instructions required other than to simply insert `byebug` method anywhere in the code base while you run a test or navigate through your development server. This will pause the execution of code where the method was inserted and provide you with a debugging interface in your shell. We highly recommend familiarizing yourself with byebug's [guide](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug/blob/master/GUIDE.md) and [commands](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug#byebugs-commands) to learn how to get the most out of this powerful tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Byebug](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug) is debugging tool which will help you investigate and understand code while it executes. There is no installation instructions required other than to simply insert `byebug` method anywhere in the codebase while you run a test or navigate through your development server. This will pause the execution of code where the method was inserted and provide you with a debugging interface in your shell. We highly recommend familiarizing yourself with byebug's [guide](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug/blob/master/GUIDE.md) and [commands](https://github.com/deivid-rodriguez/byebug#byebugs-commands) to learn how to get the most out of this powerful tool.
```

### Capybara and Webdrivers

> [Capybara](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara) helps you test web applications by simulating how a real user would interact with your app. This is complimented by the `webdrivers` gem to provide selenium drivers required by Capybara to test multiple browsers.  However, some setup is required to utilize the features we will be testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Capybara](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara) helps you test web applications by simulating how a real user would interact with your app. This is complimented by the `webdrivers` gem to provide selenium drivers required by Capybara to test multiple browsers. However, some setup is required to utilize the features we will be testing.
```

First, let's setup our support file structure for RSpec. From the application's root folder, navigate to spec and create a new folder `support/helpers` and in that new folder, create a new file `capybara_config.rb` with the following contents:

> {% code title="spec/helpers/capybara\_config.rb" %}

Reviewer: I'm reluctant to add installation instructions for third-party gems, as it adds a burden to us to keep them updated. Thoughts @kennyadsl ?

Reviewer 2: I agree, if we can link to projects' specific instruction instead it would be better. Unless we have some special configuration to do for Solidus to work.

Author: I removed most of the installation instructions, but left the built code as an example of the setup I used to get it to work. Let me know if this is still too much and if I should remove it all together. 
Does this comment extend to DatabaseCleaner section as well?

Thanks!

Reviewer: Yes, in my view, it applies to DatabaseCleaner, too. But you're right that if we're following a manual, then we need to add the code.

```ruby
require 'selenium/webdriver'

Capybara.default_max_wait_time = 5

Capybara.register_driver :chrome do |app|
  Capybara::Selenium::Driver.new(app, browser: :chrome)
end

Capybara.register_driver :headless_chrome do |app|
  capabilities = Selenium::WebDriver::Remote::Capabilities.chrome(
    chromeOptions: { args: %w(headless disable-gpu window-size=1280,2000 no-sandbox) }
  )

  Capybara::Selenium::Driver.new app,
    browser: :chrome,
    desired_capabilities: capabilities
end

Capybara.javascript_driver = :headless_chrome
```
{ %endcode% }

> This configuration will set the default browser to a headless [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) window when running your tests. To learn about other supported drivers, please refer to capybara's [guide](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara/blob/2.12.0/README.md#using-capybara-with-rspec).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration will set the default browser to a headless [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) window when running your tests. To learn about other supported drivers, please refer to Capybara's [guide](https://github.com/teamcapybara/capybara/blob/2.12.0/README.md#using-capybara-with-rspec).
```

Finally, we need to make sure that when `rails_helper` is called during our tests, we will be able to pull this support file. To accomplish this we will need to navigate to our rails helper file and uncomment out or add the following:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
